we can't talk about that trailer here's
a trailer we can talk about and we
should all say it in unison one two
three can't wait for this movie is
chairs for my sake bottles you know I
grew up loving those numbers you know
like this was my kid you the hell out of
nineteen sixty-nine 1973 the original is
still a classic the best of those
sequels was the fourth one conquest of
the point of the Apes which rise of the
planet apes was like a loose update of
so now that brings us to dawn which
feels like a very very loose update a
battle for the point of the Apes now
even after the tim burton misfire just
man that was just so bad but what that
did was it brought down expectations for
Rise of the Planet of the Apes so when
that movie made almost 500 million
worldwide everybody went holy moly that
was great right everybody was caught
really off guard it was a great movie
and like the older films it was like a
metaphor and the rise of the one percent
are you cared more about the Apes humans
especially I total I totally agree with
you on that mark I just love that I
don't know where this movie's going
that's why I avoided the trailer as much
as I did you that one no I'm not I'm not
I'm not gonna watch that well I'll watch
the judge trailer twice while you guys
watch the other Apes do because I want
to know nothing more than I already do
going into this movie I don't disagree
with you I didn't want to watch the
trailer Alicia Tyrann AMC movie talk
this morning we had to watch it works
Sox man but we had to watch it but again
what a cool thing to have to watch um
yes what does day and I'm repeating
myself from what I said this morning but
what what this movie did this trailer
did was it showed all of the cool things
from the previous trailers that we've
seen so far plus added a little more
marking my wedding here most this one
like there's a moment Aman man I told
you I don't know sad now you talk about
people have seen it as a part where the
boy earmuffs earmuffs there's a part
where they have the eve the evil ape
does like this trick and he may look oh
I'm a silly monkey i miss lomani then
that's he pops up and takes him out and
that that seemed to me like oh that
gasps dude the monkeys juggle in this
one is that although that's what I
gather than that
in smoothie you think what you have is
takes place 10 years after rise of the
Apes most of the human race has been
wiped out the apes have been the
dominant species they're living in the
muir woods north of san francisco right
there's some human survivors so it
becomes like a stalemate this uneasy
peace between the humans and the Apes
but having said that I know where the
third movie is going I don't want to
hear and then I mean yes I guess what's
your speculation here's my speculation
about we're speculating on the third day
before scanner either of course guy
before Scott gets a new speculation
after you hear it hashtagit schmoes know
and let us know what you think of the
speculation Scott go here's the
speculation I told this to director matt
reeves and he smiled and said this is
really good okay so remember in rise of
the Apes when the i caress the
spacecraft live right off yet okay well
there was this news report remember in
the film it said if the ship disappeared
without a play without a trace we lost
contact with the astronauts right where
did they go maybe they went two thousand
years into the future and after the
events of dawn of the eights it's going
to go two thousand years into the future
the eighth the astronauts from the I
cameras are going to return to Earth
find the planet overrun by interesting
why I'm like unlike the original 1968
film which the Apes were primitive the
apes are going to be like they were in
the book monkey planet they're gonna be
technologically advanced that is the
third your cell phones a their cell
phone this this deal with this just
saying Scott man sleeves Access
Hollywood is writing the third see if
age take over the world and then there's
a very few humans left I once got man's
to be one of those guys cuz he's a
motivator he's a leader he can take us
he can make me believe in myself again
well speaking of apes on horses here's a
special thing for shmoogle right now if
you go to schmooze no spreadshirt com
there is an Apes on horses design it's a
new shirt it is only going to be
available until the end of tomorrow
after that no longer available so if you
want to get it get it now apes on horses
apes on horses I'm going to buy it and
wear it my interface